Jianghu people, you can live here with peace of mind
Wang Zhengguo is dead
You don't have to hide anymore
Besides, these two children will get married in the future
Aunt Jiang, you live here
Can you spend more time with me here?
I fired my mother because of your career back then
Guilt since
Don't do it again this time.
Yeah that
All right, Mrs. Luo
Thanks so much.
You can't bear it
Yinchuan thank you
Chen Qi, prepare some more meals tonight.
Ogo
Mrs. Jiang hasn't seen me for so many years, I miss you
Come on, sit down, sit here
Mom, I asked about you back then
Everyone says you
What's going on?
When I sent Linchuan home
I fainted on the way back.
Then an old woman found me
You say me again
I just heard that a woman was beaten to death by her husband around here
I thought
Let everyone think that the more uncomfortable it is for me to die, and Wang Zhengguo will never find me again
The most planned things by Mrs. Ji are usually intentional injuries
The driver is waiting